[datadog_integration_aws_account] Update docs to clarify required fields and defaults (#2748)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/integration_aws_account.md

### Required

- `aws_account_id` (String) Your AWS Account ID without dashes.
- `aws_partition` (String) AWS Account partition.

> - `auth_config` (Block) Configure how Datadog authenticates to your AWS Account. Either `aws_auth_config_keys` or `aws_auth_config_role` block is required within. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth_config))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `auth_config` (Block) Configure how Datadog authenticates to your AWS account. Either `aws_auth_config_keys` or `aws_auth_config_role` block is required within. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--auth_config))
```

> - `aws_regions` (Block) AWS Regions to collect data from. Defaults to `include_all` if block is empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_regions))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `aws_regions` (Block) AWS regions to collect data from. Defaults to `include_all` if block is empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--aws_regions))
```

- `logs_config` (Block) Configure log autosubscription for your Datadog Forwarder Lambda functions. The `lambda_fowarder` block is required within, but may be empty to use defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logs_config))
- `metrics_config` (Block) Configure metrics collection from AWS CloudWatch. The `namespace_filters` block is required within, but may be empty to use defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics_config))

> - `resources_config` (Block) AWS Resources Collection config. May be empty to use defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources_config))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `resources_config` (Block) AWS resources collection config. May be empty to use defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resources_config))
```

> - `traces_config` (Block) AWS Traces Collection config. The `xray_services` block is required within, but may be empty to use defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--traces_config))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `traces_config` (Block) AWS traces collection config. The `xray_services` block is required within, but may be empty to use defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--traces_config))
```

<a id="nestedblock--auth_config--aws_auth_config_role"></a>
### Nested Schema for `auth_config.aws_auth_config_role`

Required:

> - `role_name` (String) AWS IAM Role name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `role_name` (String) AWS IAM role name.
```

Optional:

> - `external_id` (String) AWS IAM External ID for associated role. If omitted, one will be generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `external_id` (String) AWS IAM external ID for associated role. If omitted, one is generated.
```

- `include_all` (Boolean) Include all regions. Defaults to `true`.
- `include_only` (List of String) Include only these regions.

<a id="nestedblock--logs_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logs_config`

Required:

- `lambda_forwarder` (Block) Leave empty to omit logs config. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--logs_config--lambda_forwarder))

<a id="nestedblock--logs_config--lambda_forwarder"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logs_config.lambda_forwarder`

Optional:

- `lambdas` (List of String) List of Datadog Lambda Log Forwarder ARNs in your AWS account. Defaults to `[]`.
- `sources` (List of String) List of service IDs set to enable automatic log collection. Use [`datadog_integration_aws_available_logs_services` data source](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/DataDog/datadog/latest/docs/data-sources/integration_aws_available_logs_services) to get allowed values. Defaults to `[]`.

<a id="nestedblock--metrics_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `metrics_config`

Required:

> - `namespace_filters` (Block) AWS Metrics namespace filters. Defaults to a pre-set `exclude_only` list if block is empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics_config--namespace_filters))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `namespace_filters` (Block) AWS metrics namespace filters. Defaults to a pre-set `exclude_only` list if block is empty. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--metrics_config--namespace_filters))
```
